Once upon a time, there lived a remarkably free-spirited and energetic princess. Day after day, or rather, from Monday to Friday, she played Tetris, eating a packs of cheese “Cheetos”, and drinking liters of “Monster” from “Grossi” for euro. 
She preferred to spend all her free time from Tetris on the couch, casually flipping through “tik-toks” and complaining about life in the comments under tweets with pictures of dogs. 
On weekends, she spent all her stepmother’s money at the casino across the street, avidly smoked Cuban cigars, alphabetically explored all the categories on “Pornhub”, and placed countless bets with bookmakers, awaiting inevitable success. 
After all, if you put in enough effort, things would always work out, right? 
From time to time, she gazed sadly out the window, observing raindrops glide smoothly down the glass and hit the window frame, breaking into smaller drops until they vanished from sight. 
She thought that people, in general, were much like these drops: leading aimless lives, studying useless specialties, starting families, and destroying those families with some “Marcuses” from the second entrance of the seventeenth house, buying apartments on mortgages, and ultimately ending up beneath four wooden planks. In a day, their lifeless bodies would begin to break down into molecules; in a week, the casino around the corner would wonder where their beloved patron had gone; in a month, the stepmother would finally dispose of all the hidden “Cheetos” packs from under the couch; and in a year, no one would even remember them. 
Well, it will be later, much later. Right now, the princess’s main concern was her stepmother. She always bothered her with her endless “finally get a job”, “make friends”, “wash the dishes”, “don’t spend ten euros on trashy sushi from ‘Monk’”.
As if she actually spent ten euros on trashy sushi from “Monk” if there was anywhere to go in Jõhvi besides “Pargikeskus” and the graveyard.
Their relationship wasn’t particularly harmonious. At some point, the stepmother got tired of not finding half of her salary in her wallet. So, she resolutely decided to take action against her stepdaughter’s repugnant and extravagant behavior. And the measures, according to the stepmother, should have been extremely radical and once and for all dotting all the ö’s.
That’s how the princess found herself in “Kood/Jõhvi”.
Save the princess by overcoming all the obstacles on your thorny path and return her back to her beloved stepmother.